A Situation That Could Revolutionize the Health Care IndustryDate: Tuesday, July 9, 2002



IBXG E-mailer 7/9/02





  Rapid 
        Growth Health Care Company: Stock Symbol “IBXG” Trading Around 
        16 Cents

 
        Market Watch Corporation

REVENUES 
        TO SOAR OVER 500% TO $18 MILLION FOR 
        OTC-BB "IBXG" 
        ACQUISITION OF TWO CYBERCARE, INC. OPERATING UNITS MOVES FORWARD

 
OTC-BB Symbol: IBXG
Shares Outstanding (est.):
38,983,380
Float (est.): 7,887,966
Recent Price: 16 cents
Year Low/High:
$0.10 - $0.90
Contact: 561-998-3435
Websites: Market 
        Watch Corporation, iBX Group, Inc.
Press Releases:
IBXG 
        Press Releases


 A 
        Situation That Could Revolutionize the Health Care Industry
 

 



STRONG HEALTH CARE SECTOR GROWTH 
               Most investors desire to be in a stock from the beginning 
              of its growth, “IBXG” is one of those opportunities. 
              Revenues to increase over 500 % 
              to over $18 Million from $3 Million with its 
              pending acquisition of 47 physical therapy outpatient centers and 
              institutional pharmacy businesses, currently owned by CyberCare, 
              Inc. “IBXG” also just announced a national alliance 
              with Patient-Pay.com 
              that will enable “IBXG” to market its services on a 
              national scale. We believe the potential is enormous for this expanding 
              dynamic Health Care Information Technology Company.

HEALTH CARE SECTOR REREPRESENTS 15% OF THE TOTAL US 
              GROSS DOMESTIC PRODUCT While inflation 
              in the US has been around 2% per year, the US Health Care’s 
              inflationary rate rose over 11% per year. Health care costs are 
              spiraling out of control. “IBXG” provides technology 
              based products and services in full compliance with newly mandated 
              government requirements (HIPAA), that help medical professionals 
              save time and money, by utilizing “IBXG”s state of the 
              art systems.

UNDERSTANDING HIPAA 
              The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 
              (Public Law 104-191), 
              also known as HIPAA, was enacted as part of a broad Congressional 
              attempt at incremental healthcare reform. Part of the law requires 
              the US Dept. of Health and Human Services (DHHS) to develop standards 
              and requirements for maintenance and transmission of health information 
              that identifies individual patients. The requirements outlined by 
              the law are far-reaching for all healthcare organizations that maintain 
              or transmit electronic health information must comply. “IBXG” 
              offers all health care providers with a viable, already in place 
              solution to “HIPAA” compliance.

IBXG  SPECIALIZES IN HEALTH DATA MANAGEMENT 
              It is a huge market comprised of over one million health care professionals. 
              This company has emerged, with solutions to many problems facing 
              the Health Care Industry, by providing health care professionals 
              the ability to deliver outstanding patient care with optimum efficiency. 
              In past years, venture capitalists have invested more than $20 billion 
              in information technology companies, confirming a very large financial 
              interest in the health care sector.

              WILL IBXG REVOLUTIONIZE THE HEALTH CARE INDUSTRY? 
              They could. Virtually every aspect of the way health care is delivered 
              is impacted in a positive fashion, by IBXG's technology. IBXG has 
              developed and deployed innovative, cost-effective methods for integrating 
              financial, administrative and information services for the health 
              care industry. Utilizing in-house development capabilities combined 
              with the latest technologies and Internet–based communication 
              services, “IBXG” assists hospital-based physician groups, 
              multi-physician specialty practice and health care service organizations 
              in managing the efficiency of account receivable, workflow and compliance.virtually 
              every aspect of the way health care is delivered. Imagine your doctor 
              being able to access your medical records from any location, anywhere 
              in the world . . . instantly! 
 

OUTSTANDING 
            RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

 Revenues to increase over 500% to $18 
                MILLION. 
 National alliance with Patient-Pay.Com. 
               Wall Street Corporate Reporter interview, available 
                here 
                July 15, 2002. 
               Significant gains in quarterly year to year revenues.
               Extension of agreements with Intracoastal Health Systems and 
                Providence Hospital (one of Ascension 
                Health Group’s 87 affiliated hospitals). 
               Increased revenues with Cerberus Capital Management, L.P.,a 
                multi-billion dollar New York hedge fund. 
               Service contract with MDVIP, 
                MDVIP was featured in an NBC Nightly News Tom 
                Brokaw interview. 
               Acquired Sportshealthnet.com. 
               Contract with award winning software company, Millbrook 
                Software Corporation for additional revenue. 
               Two national product launches were announced, one for the
$1.5 BILLION durable medical equipment industry and the 
                other a proprietary online consumer medical reports and information 
                service. 
               Alliance with Sun 
                Capital that will allow IBXG to offer accounts receivable 
                funding programs nationwide. 
               Extended partnership alliance with Advanced Information Technologies 
                that taps the $5 BILLION document management industry. 
               Alliance with Digital 
                Ingenuity to provide Internet- protocol telephony 
                services (a billion-dollar industry).
            
 


 




Disclaimer 
        & Disclosure: Market Watch Corporation is not a registered 
        financial advisory. The information presented by Market Watch Corporation 
        is not an offer to buy or sell securities. Market Watch Corporation accumulates 
        information based from public sources and the advertised company, then 
        distributes opinions and comments. Penny stocks are considered to be highly 
        speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors. 
        Market Watch Corporation may hold positions in companies mentioned and 
        may buy or sell at any time. This profile of IBXG was a paid advertisement 
        by IBXG. IBXG has paid Market Watch Corporation $3,500 for this advertisement 
        and 750,000 restricted shares for investor awareness services for one 
        year, an affiliated company of Market Watch Corporation has been paid 
        250,000 restricted shares of IBXG stock from a third party shareholder. 
        Please always consult a registered financial advisor before making any 
        decisions. Information within this advertisement contains forward looking 
        statements within the meaning of Section 27(e) of the U.S. Securities 
        Act of 1933 and Section 21(g) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
        and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act Of 1995. Forward looking 
        statements are based on expectations, estimates and projections at the 
        time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties 
        which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those 
        presently anticipated. Forward looking statements may be identified through 
        the use of words such as expects, will, anticipates, estimates, believes, 
        or by statements indicating certain actions may, could or might occur. 
        We encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information 
        available at the Web sites of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
        (SEC) at http://www.sec.gov and/or the 
        National Association of Securities Dealers (NASD) at http://www.nasd.com. 
        Readers can review all public filings by companies at the SEC’s 
        EDGAR page. The NASD has published information on how to invest carefully 
        at its Web site.


 
 You are receiving 
      this message because you subscribed on one of our partner sites using the 
      refer a friend page. We value privacy as our clients demand it and we  
      will gladly unsubscribe you upon request. To send a request, simply
      click here and follow directions. We 
      guarantee that you will be unsubscribed within 48 hours. Nurel is 
      only the delivery source for this message.  Under SEC rules, we are 
      required to inform you that we were paid three thousand five hundred 
      dollars (US) for our services which is limited to the delivery of this 
      message only. 

Thank you.

(c) 2002 Nurel






ApplyLeads v3.2 Commercial E-mail List Manager.
http://xent.com/mailman/listinfo/fork


