Get Systems Running at Top Speeds Now




DK


















Solve your fragmentation problems—automatically.

The next evolution in defragmentation software, Diskeeper 2008, is the most powerful, comprehensive, and user-friendly defrag program ever designed. It handles the harshest hard-drive conditions and automatically adapts to your systems needs.
With fragmentation eliminated; performances soars. Systems are maintained and protected, giving networked systems more reliability. Try Diskeeper 2008 today.


Among Diskeeper's latest ground-breaking features are the following:
 






NEW! InvisiTasking  — Works invisibly, behind the scenes. It only utilizes untapped idle resources so Diskeeper can automatically defragment your computer in real time.
																			
																			 





NEW! Real-Time File Defragmentation — No need to schedule downtime for clumsy maintenance processes. The defragmenter runs unnoticed in the background, automatically. 
																		
																		 




NEW! Intelligent Defragmentation — Recognizes volume usage and devises a defrag process around the specific needs of each individual system. 
																		
																		 




NEW! Frag Shield™ 2.0 — Protects and defends against crash-inducing fragmentation on critical system files. 





NEW! I-FAAST™ 2.0  (Intelligent File Access Acceleration Sequencing Technology) — Unique file sequencing system that opens up connections to your most frequently used files and speeds up access as much as 80%.1





NEW! Terabyte Volume Engine™ — Powerful engine specially designed to defrag high-traffic servers and enormous volumes (e.g. NAS, RAID, SAN, etc.).2 




Let new Diskeeper 2008 clean up the data gridlock that fragmentation causes on your systems. 


Haven't tried Diskeeper? Download free 30-day full version software now!
1 I-FAAST is available in Diskeeper Pro Premier, Server, and EnterpriseServer editions.
2 Terabyte Volume Engine is available in Diskeeper EnterpriseServer edition. 

























NOTICE: We periodically send new product information electronically or survey those individuals who voluntarily give us their e-mail address. We hope you enjoy receiving this timely information. However, if you would like to remove yourself from this list, please do not reply to this e-mail to be removed.
You have received this message at the e-mail address: hibody@csmining.org
													To unsubscribe, send the above e-mail address in the body of a message along with your name, on a separate line, to unsubscribe@diskeeper.com.


© 2007 Diskeeper Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Diskeeper, InvisiTasking, Maximizing Performance and Reliability—Automatically, I-FAAST, Frag Shield, Terabyte Volume Engine, and the Diskeeper Corporation logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks owned by Diskeeper Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks and brand names are the property of the respective owners. Diskeeper Corporation, 7590 N. Glenoaks Blvd., Burbank, CA 91504











