Custom Software Development Services Available Right Now..


<!--
.txt { font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 8pt}
.orng { font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt; color: #FF3300; font-weight: bold}
.red { font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; color: #006699}
.wh { font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; color: #ffffff}
.gr { font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 8pt; font-weight: bold; color: #666666}
-->






Dear Sir or Madam,

        We are glad to deliver cutting-edge solutions to your IT challenges at 
        a quality that is equivalent or superior to that offered by domestic companies, 
        but at a fraction of the cost of domestic development.

        We represent a number of well-established companies staffed with over 
        1000 qualified developers with a record of successfully completing hundreds 
        of small and midsize projects and tens of wide-scale projects for Fortune 
        100 corporations.

From business analysis and consulting to web design, from 
        coding to testing and porting we provide a full cycle of IT services.
 

Working both on-site and offshore our specialists develop and 
        integrate

Internet/Intranet/Extranet applications
Business applications
ERP, CRM systems
 e-Business (B2B, B2C) solutions
Mobile and Wireless applications 
        Desktop applications 
        Data Warehouses 
        Security and Cryptography systems 
      
and more...
Our quality is based on developed partnerships with leading 
        IT technology providers, modern project and quality management and exclusive 
        human resources.



 Rates only $20 an hour!

For more info...CLICK HERE!!!
Please include your phone number,and we will be happy to call you!
Or Call: 602-640-0095

        Cost effective IT solutions
        Experienced teams of specialists
        Fair rates




Here is a list of some of the technologies 
        and platforms that our specialists employ to bring you only the best, 
        most efficient and cost-effective solution:




 Application Platforms
 .: .Net
              .: Java2EE
              .: IBM WebSphere Suite
              .: Lotus Domino
              .: BEA WebLogic
              .: ColdFusion
              .: Enhydra



 Operating Systems


.: all Windows, Mac,
            and Unix platforms
            .: Epoc
            .: Windows CE
            .: Palm OS
            .: Java2Microedition


Databases
.: MS SQL
            .: Oracle
            .: DB2
            .: FoxPro
            .: Informix
            .: Sybase 

 Real time embedded systems
.: QNX 4RT
              .: QNX Neutrio RT
 



Free quotes!
Please include your phone number,and we will be happy to call you!



If you received this letter 
      by mistake please click Unsubscribe

