[spam] [SPAM]  Charity MoneyDear Friend,

As you read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for
me, because, I believe everyone will die someday.
My name is MR Wahid Adada a Crude Oil merchant in IRAN,i
have been diagnosed with Esophageal cancer .
It has defiled all forms of medical treatment, and
right now I have only about a few months to live,
according to medical experts.
I have not particularly lived my life so well, as I
never really cared for anyone(not even myself)but my
business. Though I am very rich, I was never
generous, I was always hostile to people and only
focused on my business as that was the only thing I
cared for. But now I regret all this as I now know
that there is more to life than just wanting to have
or make all the money in the world.
I believe when God gives me a second chance to come
to this world I would live my life a different way
from how I have lived it. Now that God has called
me, I have willed and given most of my property
and assets to my immediate and extended family
members as well as a few close friends.
I want God to be merciful to me and accept my soul
so, I have decided to give alms to charity
organizations, as I want this to be one of the last
good deeds I do on earth. So far, I have distributed
money to some charity organizations in Austra, cameroun,
liberia,Algeria and Malaysia. Now that my health has
deteriorated so badly, I cannot do this myself
anymore. I once asked members of my family to close
one of my accounts and distribute the money which I have
there to charity organization in Bulgaria and
Pakistan, they refused and kept the money to
themselves. Hence, I do not trust them anymore, as
they seem not to be contended with what I have left
for them.

The last of my money which no one knows of is the
huge cash deposit of fifteen million dollars
$15,000,000,00 that I have with a finance/Security
Company abroad. I will want you to help me collect this
deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations.


I have set aside 10% for you and for your time.

God be with you.

MR Wahid Adada


