Never be tangled up in yard work again!

RE: CLAIM YOUR FREE STORAGE REEL & SPRAY GUN ($20 Value) WITH FLATHOSE!


<!--
.BODYCOPY {
	font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
	font-size: 12px;
	font-weight: normal;
	color: #000000;
}
.BOLD {
	font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
	font-size: 12px;
	font-weight: bolder;
	color: #000000;
}
.BOLDRed {
	font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
	font-size: 12px;
	font-weight: bolder;
	color: #FF0000;
}
-->




 


 
 
 


 
 




 
 
 






Never be tangled up in yard work again! Break 
          free with the amazing Flat Hose. It is "Firehose Technology" 
          for flat, tangle-free, space-saving storage. This amazing flat coiling 
          garden hose is guaranteed to take the mess out of watering. And it 
          attaches easily to any faucet -- where your old hose used to lay in a 
          muddy pile.



Watering your plants or washing the car has never 
            been easier.


 The compact Flat Hose is made of a tough yet flexible 
            material so it will last. 

Flat Hose winds up easily, without twisting for trouble free storage 
          anywhere.

Rubber hoses can weigh up to fifteen pounds, but the 
            Flat Hose is so lightweight that you can easily move it for any job, 
            anywhere. 



 If you order in the next 72 hours, 
          
          your FLATHOSE comes with these Great Accessories & Options:
          (A $20.00 Value)
• Convenient Storage Reel
          • An Additional 25 Feet: For a limited time, get a 50 foot Flat 
          Hose for just $15 more!
          • Spray Gun: Includes a special chamber for adding soap or fertilizer!
ORDER 
          NOW 




 

  
        Click here to see HUNDREDS of As Seen On TV products
        ---Direct from the Manufacturers. 




 

We take your privacy very seriously and it is our policy never to send unwanted email messages. This message has been sent to gibbs@midrange.com because you are a member of Consumer Today or you signed up with one of our marketing partners. To unsubscribe, simply click here (please allow 3-5 business days for your unsubscribe request to be processed). Questions or comments - send them to customerservice@consumertoday.net.

