[ILUG] IMPORTANT.
>>From the desk of: DR. SAMUEL EBOKA.
Tel No: Your Intl. Access Code + 873762692484
Fax No: Your Intl. Access Code + 873762692485
email : samueleboka2@email.com
Lagos, Nigeria.
Dear Sir,

IMPORTANT.

After due deliberation with my colleagues, We have decided to forward to
you this business proposal. We want a reliable 
person who could assist us in the transfer the sum of Twenty Million, Five
Hundred Thousand United States Dollars ( 
$20,500,000 ). Via International Bank Draft Cashable in any First World
Countries.

This fund resulted from an over-invoiced bill from contracts awarded by us
under the budget allocation to our Ministry. This 
bill has been approved for payment by the other concerned Ministries. The
contract has since been executed, 
commissioned and the contractor was paid the actual cost of the contract.
We are left with the balance US$20.5M as part 
of the over-invoiced amount which we have deliberated over estimated for
our own use. But under our protocol division, we 
as civil servants are forbidden to operate or own foreign accounts. This
is why we are soliciting your assistance in this 
manner and regard .

As you may want to know and to make you less curious, I got your address
from adverts in the business directory . I am the 
Chief Accountant/Internal Auditor of the Contract Award Committee ( CAC )
of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation 
( NNPC). This transaction is very much free from all sorts of RISKS and
TROUBLE from my Government. We the N.N.P.C. 
Officials involved in this deal have put in many years in service to this
Ministry. We have been exercising patience for this 
opportunity for so long and to most of us this is a life time opportunity
we cannot afford to miss.

We have agreed to COMPENSATE you duly if agreement is reached by both of
us and I and one of my colleagues 
involved in this deal will come to your country to arrange for our share,
upon the confirmation from you that the Certified 
International Bank Draft has been Approved and Raised in your favor.

Consequent upon your acceptance of this proposal, kindly confirm your
interest by Telephone to me, through my Direct Tel 
No: +873-762-692484. (Please Call Direct, DO NOT add my country(234) and
City(1) codes ) . Your indication by revert 
Telephone to me of your sincere and serious interest will enable me fax
you or brief you of  the PROCEDURES FOR THIS 
TRANSACTION. If my line is busy, please keep trying you will surely get
through.
NOTE: In the event of your inability to handle this transaction please
inform us so that we can look for another reliable 
person who can assist in this respect. 

It might surprise you why we choose you and trusted you for this
transaction. Yes, we believe that good friends can be 
discovered and business like this can not be realized without mutual
trust. This is why we have decided to trust you for this 
transaction. Be further informed that everyone’s interest and
security had been considered before you were contacted, so be rest assured
and feel free to go into this transaction with 
us.
But let Honesty and Trust be our watchword throughout this transaction and
your prompt reply will be highly appreciated. 
Thank you, and God bless.

Best Regards,

DR. SAMUEL  EBOKA.

NOTE:- THAT YOU CAN USE THIS ALTERNATIVE EMAIL ADDRESSES:
samueleboka2@email.com , sameboka@uymail.com

-- 
Irish Linux Users' Group: ilug@linux.ie
http://www.linux.ie/mailman/listinfo/ilug for (un)subscription information.
List maintainer: listmaster@linux.ie

