From Michael  bantuFrom nobody Sun Sep 18 20:45:31 2016
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit

I have a new email address!You can now email me at: mikebantu2002@yahoo.co.uk

From: Accountant. Michael Bantu

Johannesburg South Africa 


Attention: Dear Friend 

I am Michael Bantu the chief accountant of ABSA Bank Benoni branch South Africa I am making this contact with you based on the need for an individual / company who is willing to assist me with a solution to a money transfer. 


There is an account which I have been the account officer since 1999 and till 2003  and nobody has operated on this account again after going through some old files in the records, I discovered that if I do not remit this money out urgently it would be forfeited for nothing. The owner of this account is Mr. Mohammed El Zaki, a foreigner, and acontractor to THE BEERS DIAMOND COMPANY, who died since 2000.No other person knows this account or anything concerning it, the account has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well that this company does not know anything about this account and the money because I have been updating report to the bank since the death of the owner (Mr. Mohammed El Zaki) the money involved is 15 Million fifteen million   United States Dollars (US$ 15,500,000 Million).I want this money into your safe overseas account as soon as possible. 

I am seeking your assistance as a foreigner, since as civil servant I am not allowed to operate foreign accounts with such amount. Should you be willing to assist in this

transaction your share as compensation will be (30%) while my colleagues and I receive (65%) and the balance (5%) for any expenses that may be incurred by either party. 

The business is completely safe and secure, provided you treat it with utmost confidentiality. It does not matter also your area of specialization, is not a hindrance to the successful execution of this transaction. We have reposed confidence in you and hope that you will not disappoint me.


Note that the transaction will only take 10 working days if trust and work with one mind, all documents regards to the success of this transaction are with me.

 

I am ready to go into business partnership with you as soon as the money is transferred into your account.

Upon your acceptance of this transaction, send me your private phone and fax number for easier communication


Thank you in anticipation of your co-operation. 

Regards, 

Michael Bantu

 



- Michael Bantu

