Pass-through publications are here
Digital Authoring Tools : Featured Product Alert













Today you had 100 Digital Web Books downloaded and within two weeks there are 600 circulating. 
Two months later you have 4000 in the marketplace. Tidal Wave or Viral Marketing is a wonder of our new society. See how major corporations have already embraced Digital Page Author.
 

IMAGINE a tool that is very easy to learn yet will enable you to create brilliant, 3D, real-life, book-like, page-turning digital documents that you can distribute via the internet, store on web-sites and send on floppy or a cd-rom, complete with active web and email links!

VIEW SAMPLES 
DOWNLOAD FREE SOFTWARE 

Digital Page Author enables companies and 
      individuals to produce their own professional looking catalogues, 
      brochures, photo albums, invitations and more--in-house--without the associated costs 
      of an outside design and/or print shop.Due to their extremly 
      small file size, Digital Web Books created with Digital Page Author can be 
      sent via email or quickly downloaded onto a PC. In minutes, a business can 
      create its own virtual catalogue in a format any Windows PC can display, 
      while ensuring the content cannot be copied by the 
  viewer. The optional Security Plugin provides  Virus Proof distribution including transport through firewalls. 






The Digital 
      Web Book format presents several opportunities, none more important than 
      the incredible pass-on ratio of each 
      brochure/publication.
Digital Web 
      Books are extremely small in file size, present a familiar navigation 
      system and can be used to attract new members. 
Why are 
      people attracted to Digital Web Books?  It's the look and feel of a 
      traditional brochure that captures the imagination of the end user. There 
      are several page transition choices, but the 3D page-turns really stand out.
Possible UsesCatalogues - Flyers - 
      Brochures - Annual Reports - Photo Albums - Newsletters - Media Kits - 
      Work Portfolios - Corporate Presentations - Manuals - Books - Magazines - 
      Novels Newspapers - Sales Presentations - Marketing Collateral - Intranet 
      Publications - Restaurant Menus - Educational Materials - Reference 
      Materials - Email promotions - Corporate / Product Profiles - Guides - 
      Reports - Briefs - Directories - and much, much more!



Digital Page Author 
            Features


Produce 3D page-turning digital catalogues, manuals, 
            photo albums, etc.


A 
            universally understood format.


WSIWYG page creation and editing. 


Cut 
            and paste feature, internal image manipulator, hotlink to pages, web 
            sites, email and even other files. 


Set 
            auto page turn for trade show or in-store 
presentations.


Digital Web Book file sizes are small and easily distributed by 
            email, download or on floppy/CD. 


No 
            browser required--no downloading of software or plug-ins. 
        


Pages 
            fit your desktop screen--no scrolling required. Specify one of 6 
            page transitions: fly, turn, wipe, slide. Printable pages. 
          


Suitable for all Windows-based PCs, but currently non-Mac 
            compatible.



Benefits




Fast 
            to learn and easy to use, the Net Book Author interface is designed 
            with the average PC user in mind. 


Saves 
            printing and distribution costs associated with print media. 
          


No 
            scrolling to view each page within PC screen--turns pages like a 
            real Book.


Easy 
            to distribute: via the Web, email, floppy or CD-ROM. 


Easily passed on by email. 


Recipients of the Book can store, view and interact with its 
            content off-line. 


Drives traffic to your web site. 


Encourages customer loyalty/repeat purchases. 



Permanent information is 
      read-only.
System and Software Requirements Windows 95, 98, 
      ME, NT 4.0, 2000, XPCurrently Not Mac CompatableHardware 
      Requirements (minimum recommended)300 MHz processor or faster64 MB 
      RAM8 MB Video Graphics Adapter20 MB free disk 
      spaceOther Requirements Internet connection 
      for product registration
Click here to 
      unsubscribe


Download FREE Evaluation | 
      Download Sample | BUY NOW!


If you have trouble downloading the FREE Software, please open this mail again soon to retry, as server demands are currently high for this limited time FREE Software offer.



Copyright © 2002 - Reselling Partner ID# 1067 - *4 page limit

3156bryQ4-819ISNs3103DAzp9-826XDxo9238Ndkx4-186ZPPL998l51
