CNET: Copycat worms and a PGP Outlook flaw

CNET Virus & Security Newsletter





























		 

 


























July 17, 2002






						--Robert VamosiSenior Associate EditorCNET Software and Internet Services
 

Dear Readers,
So far, 2002 has been a year marked with variations on earlier
worms. If you update your antivirus software on a regular basis,
these new versions of Frethem and Yaha shouldn't be a nuisance.
But if you haven't updated in a while, these variants--plus the
continuing threat of Klez.h--should motivate you. In security
news, a flaw in certain versions of PGP encryption could affect
Outlook users. Read on to learn whether you're vulnerable.
 
						 




















Frethem.k worm wants to give you a password
 An e-mail message that promises to reveal secret information with
a password is yet another variant from the pesky Frethem worm
family. Frethem.k, technically known as w32.frethem.k@mm, also
called Frethem.l by some vendors, uses its own SMTP engine to
send e-mail using addresses obtained from infected systems. This
worm does not carry a destructive payload. Mac and Linux users
are not affected.



Yaha.e screensaver worm spreading
 The Yaha.e mass-mailing worm masquerades as a friendly
screensaver, proving that users worldwide are still opening
attached files from total strangers. Yaha.e (w32.yaha.e@mm, also
known as Lentin.e, Yaha.f, and Yaha.g) is a successful variant of
a worm first seen around Valentine's Day this year. Thankfully,
this worm does not affect Mac, Linux, or Unix users.






Leaky PGP Outlook plug-in 
PGP 7.03 and 7.04, widely used plug-ins for Microsoft's Outlook
e-mail client, inadvertently weakens security and leaves the mail
program open to attack. Fortunately, there is a patch available.






















Digital photography starter kitThis guide to digital photos will show you the best products to take your images from snap to finish.


	• Panasonic's littlest Lumix
	• Minolta"s 4-megapixel Dimage F100











Most popular products
Digital cameras
	1. Canon PowerShot G2
	2. Canon PowerShot S30
	3. Canon PowerShot S40
	4. Canon PowerShot A40
	5. Sony Cyber Shot DSC-F707
 See all most popular cameras





















 
Search 

 In SoftwareAll CNET    The Web
  
	













































The e-mail address for your subscription is qqqqqqqqqq-cnet-newsletters@example.com
Unsubscribe |
 Manage My Subscriptions
 | FAQ |
 Advertise















Price comparisons |
Product reviews |
Tech news |
Downloads |
All CNET services





        Copyright 2002 CNET Networks, Inc. All rights reserved.          



