Why we're changing our publishing schedule [ANCHORDESK]
 
        
        

ZDNet AnchorDesk Newsletter





















THURSDAY, JULY 18, 2002














Why we're changing our publishing schedule


Dear Reader,

As of Monday, July 15, AnchorDesk is being published on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, instead of five days a week. The AnchorDesk Weekly newsletter will continued to be published every Friday

Why are we doing this? There are several reasons, but the most important one is giving me a chance do more than just sit behind a desk typing all day in order to meet deadlines.  I've been writing five columns a week for 18 months now, and I'd be lying to you if I didn't admit to being more than a little tired.  

Also, I've been on such a short leash that I haven't been able to travel or meet as many people as I'd like. This new schedule means I'll have more time to get out, learn more, see more products, and discover new issues or trends. So it should result in a more interesting and useful AnchorDesk for you.

Having additional time also means I will be able to work on several projects I've been assigned, including one that could bear fruit at the Consumer Electronics Show next January. More about that soon, once all the details are nailed down.

For now, the new schedule is being called a "test," which means it could turn out to be temporary--or maybe not. We'll run it through the end of the summer and see how it works. 

I appreciate your continued support of AnchorDesk. While the column will be less frequent, I will still be on CNET Radio every weekday at noon PT (or on-demand streaming anytime) and hope you will join me there.

Sincerely,


David Coursey
Executive Editor
AnchorDesk


   








































Sign up for more free newsletters from ZDNet



The e-mail address for your subscription is qqqqqqqqqq-zdnet@example.com

Unsubscribe | 
         Manage 
        My Subscriptions | FAQ | 
         Advertise






















Home |eBusiness | Security | Networking | Applications | Platforms | Hardware | Careers




        Copyright 2002 CNET Networks, Inc. All rights reserved. ZDNet is a registered service mark of CNET Networks, Inc.          








