[zzzzteana] Emigrate to Russia? That's a steppe too farThe Electronic Telegraph

 Emigrate to Russia? That's a steppe too far
 (Filed: 28/08/2002) 
 
 
 So you think you've got it bad: fed up with Folkestone, bored with Birmingham
 or sick of Sheffield.
 
 Those 54 per cent of Britons - according to a Daily Telegraph/YouGov survey
 this week - who dream of a stress-free life in sunnier climes should perhaps
 heed a word of friendly advice on the realities of living abroad.
 
 Kommersant, a Russian daily newspaper, yesterday offered those dissatisfied
 with life in Blair's Britain a taste of what to expect should they choose to
 emigrate to provincial Russia.
 
 After reading about the gripes of affluent Britons, its tongue-in-cheek
 article admitted, however, that the grass was not always greener on the other
 side.
 
 "The inhabitants of foggy Albion keen to travel could go to any Russian city
 deep in the provinces where things are quiet," said Kommersant.
 
 "In any central Russian district, life, by British standards, is unseemingly
 cheap and remarkably laid back. By 11am most of the working population are
 becoming 'traditionally' relaxed."
 
 The time for elevenses in Britain - perhaps the opportunity for a quiet cup of
 tea and a chocolate Hobnob - is known in Russia as the Wolf Hour.
 
 It was so named in Soviet times because at 11am a wolf appeared from the
 famous animal clock at the Obrasov Puppet Theatre in Moscow. It is also
 opening time in the nation's vodka shops.
 
 And the vodka, like all other spirits, is cheap. Kommersant pointed out that
 "the money a Briton can earn from selling even the most shabby house would be
 enough to support them at the local standard of living for the rest of their
 life.
 
 "The local shops are full of all they would need and they could buy a bottle
 of whisky for kopecks."
 
 There are 100 kopecks in a ruble and the ruble is currently worth about a
 halfpenny in sterling.
 
 The whisky is cheap, however, because it is unlike anything the average Briton
 will have consumed before. It is made of samagon - home-distilled, moonshine
 vodka - coloured with tea, and is a popular beverage in rural areas and among
 diehard alcoholics.
 
 While alcohol is plentiful and cheap, food may not be so easy to come by. The
 newspaper pointed out that traditional British foodstuffs - it selected oxtail
 soup as an example - were in short supply. However, the wealth of the British
 settler should overcome the difficulty.
 
 "For a modest reward in most Russian villages, the locals would happily cut
 off the tails from the entire collective farm's herd of cattle."
 
 One or two potential emigrés might be deterred by language difficulties. There
 are few English speakers to be found among the green hills of Tula on the
 Mongolian border.
 
 However, Kommersant pointed out, language difficulties were not considered a
 deterrent by the 13 per cent of Britons who nominated France as the country in
 which they would like to live.
 
 France, the Russian paper claimed, was a country "where English is only known
 by the beggars, Belorussian prostitutes and Russian tourists".
 
 Despite the low cost of living and the easy-going lifestyle, the Russian
 weather remains a major stumbling block for Britons.
 
 Even in the most temperate regions, winter temperatures of -20C are common.
 And somewhere like the Sakha Republic - east of Siberia and the coldest place
 in the world - enjoys just one month of summer and endures winter temperatures
 that drop below -70C. Houses are built on concrete stilts because the
 permafrost makes digging foundations impossible.
 
 Again, the Russian paper had a word of reassurance. While acknowledging the
 climatic problems, it said that "thanks to global warming this difficulty will
 solve itself".
 
 Kommersant also had an answer to the labour crisis that would be created in
 Britain if 54 per cent of its citizens decided to opt for a life in Russia.
 
 "Thirty-three million Russians could be sent to Britain to replace the 33
 million who leave. We think that the required number could probably be found
 amongst our citizens."
 
 Unfortunately for those 33 million Russians, however, not one of those Britons
 surveyed who wanted to move abroad nominated the Russian steppes as their
 preferred new home.


------------------------ Yahoo! Groups Sponsor ---------------------~-->
4 DVDs Free +s&p; Join Now
http://us.click.yahoo.com/pt6YBB/NXiEAA/MVfIAA/7gSolB/TM
---------------------------------------------------------------------~->

To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:
forteana-unsubscribe@egroups.com

 

Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to http://docs.yahoo.com/info/terms/ 



