[Lockergnome Apple Core]  Skip Content

<!--
 body      { BACKGROUND-IMAGE: url(http://images.lockergnome.com/images/issue/top-right.gif); color: #14367A }
 a:link    { COLOR: #2E64DC; TEXT-DECORATION: underline; font-weight: normal }
 a:visited { COLOR: #000000; TEXT-DECORATION: underline; font-weight: normal }
 a:active  { COLOR: GRAY; text-decoration: none }
 a:hover   { color: GRAY; TEXT-DECORATION: none }
 p.title   { BACKGROUND: #2E64DC; BORDER-BOTTOM: #14367A 4px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #94B2EE 4px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #14367A 4px solid; BORDER-TOP: #94B2EE 4px solid; COLOR: #FFFFFF; FONT-FAMILY: Comic Sans MS, Trebuchet MS, Helvetica, Arial; FONT-SIZE: 14pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal }
 p.sidebar { BACKGROUND: #94B2EE; BORDER-BOTTOM: #2E64DC 3px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #FFFFFF 3px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #2E64DC 3px solid; BORDER-TOP: #FFFFFF 3px solid; COLOR: #14367A; FONT-FAMILY: Comic Sans MS, Trebuchet MS, Helvetica, Arial; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold; TEXT-ALIGN: center }
 .url      { font-size: 8pt; font-family: Verdana, Tahoma, Arial }
-->
20020709 Lockergnome Apple Core
















  07.09.2002 GnomeREPORT 


Content Management Is Key: Need a reason your boss should be sending you to Gnomedex? Some of the leading experts on content management solutions (those things we affectionately call blogs) will be sharing the future of blogging and how you can adapt it to both the way you do business and the way you communicate in general. Join Evan Williams and Doc Searls as they share pearls of wisdom on blogging, Linux and other open source applications that are changing our lives. If that's not enough incentive, remind the boss that THE Internet security guru, Steve Gibson, will be sharing his wisdom as well. 
Register for Gnomedex today!   


I've finally done it! Lockrgnome's Top 50 
Mac OS X Tips is in publication 
and available for purchase at GnomeTomes.com. Less than half the tips have 
appeared in the Apple Core newsletter already, so purchasing them means 
getting mostly brand new content. This represents the first thing I've 
written that people might actually pay to read, so if we sell one copy, 
I'll be ecstatic. And hopefully, any of you who check out the tips will 
find them useful. I know that figuring out how to do each of the 50 things 
on the list has improved my personal OS X experience.

Although this newsletter started out with Chris, Randy, and I writing 
sections of the newsletter, time constraints have limited the 
contributions of the other two guys. This does not mean either of them is 
truly less involved, it just means I'm doing more writing. Both Chris and 
Randy regularly send me links to cool Mac stuff they find, much of which 
will ultimately end up in upcoming issues. Since the writing will be 
primarily mine, I've opted to eliminate the "Review by" links at the bottom 
of each article. Unless otherwise noted, you can safely assume I wrote it. 
If you need to send me an e-mail, the E-mail The Editors Link in the 
sidebar will reach me, as well as putting your message in front of Chris 
and Randy.

I've been doing some exploring of AppleScript over the past several months 
and believe I'm finally confidant enough in writing scripts that I'm going 
to add a section on scripting to the newsletter. I'm curious to know what 
your level of experience with scripting is, because I can either start with 
some really basic stuff, or skip the basics and dive into meatier scripting 
topics. Either way, I'm open to some 
AppleScript suggestions.



See You in August,              Jake Ludington       
For Mac Outlook users:
OS X Tips - http://www.gnometomes.com/tome/cat_macintosh.html

 GnomeDOWNLOADS
Sherlock Plugins v2.2 [600k] Mac OS 9/OSX FREE
http://www.searchstandard.com/


While doing some research for my top 50 tips, I discovered that turning 
off some of Sherlock's extras, like multi-language indexing, in the 
preferences will speed things up considerably, particularly for local 
machine searches. This renewed my interest in finding ways to add-on 
search capabilities to the bundled sleuth, resulting in my discovery of 
SearchStandard.com. This bundled collection of search plug-ins makes it 
possible to look for almost anything using Sherlock. Their Web site 
won't wow you, but SearchStandard's free plugins most certainly make 
finding things online, including searches on your favorite Mac sites, 
that much easier.




 GnomeNETWORK
Xnet v1.0.6 [216k] OSX $48
http://bitcom.ch/products-xnet-e.html

Dealing with servers that offer mission critical services, like 
intranet access, e-mail, or Web serving, means dealing with those 
services failing from time to time. Don't be left in the dark 
when one of your services go down, let Xnet keep you informed. 
The unregistered version of the product lets you verify http, 
ping, smtp, and ftp service availability, with many more service 
verifications included in the pro version. Xnet runs on your 
local machine, verifying remote service availability and sending 
you a message when those services go down. The interface allows 
for user-defined services, with alert features for both an e-mail 
account (mine alerts are going to my cell phone) and locally via 
a sound from your machine.




 GnomeTERMINAL

For OS X installs with multiple users, there may come a time when you 
need to change ownership of a particular file. This is particularly 
useful in situations where one user created a file, but an entirely 
different user is the only one who will ever make future decisions 
relating to that file, like whether to keep it or throw it in the 
Trash. chown is the Terminal command designed to handle this. From 
the command line type:

sudo chown username filename

You'll of course want to substitute the username of the new owner for 
username. The name of the file receiving a change of ownership will 
replace filename.






50 LINUX TIPS: From the mind behind the Penguin Shell come two 
more eBooks in the GnomeTome series. Whether you are a Linux newbie 
or command line guru, you'll want these tips as part of your 
information arsenal. 
Get your copy 
of Tony's Top 50 PenguinTWEAKS or Top 50 PenguinCORE tips today!    


 GnomeFAVORITE
Susan Kare
http://www.kare.com

As we move further into the future of Apple's Mac OS evolution, it 
remains important to understand where things evolved from. Susan 
Kare designed all the original icons for the Mac OS, way back in 
1983. In fact, that smiling Mac that appears as OS X boots is her 
creation. Check out her collection of UI artwork, from both Windows 
and Mac operating systems. Also available from Kare.com are Kare 
designed icon apparel and collections of fonts as designed by Susan.


 GnomeTIP

Show Info gives you access to change the application associated with a 
particular file type, rename files, and reassign permissions. One of 
the best features of Show Info is it's ability to store "comments" 
related to a file or application. This can be a great place to store 
information on recently made changes to a file, information from others 
who've looked at a file, or in the case of applications, serial numbers 
and other pertinent data you may need when dealing with tech support.







http://www.lockergnome.com/issues/applecore/20020709.html
Your subscribed e-mail address is: [qqqqqqqqqq-lg@spamassassin.taint.org] - To unsubscribe or change your delivery address, please visit the subscription management page. For further information, please refer to the GnomeCREDITS in the sidebar.





LOOK OVER HERE

 Download Tip eBooks

 Latest Windows Daily
 Latest Digital Media
 Latest Tech Specialist
 Latest Penguin Shell
 Latest Apple Core
 Latest Web Weekly
 Latest Bits & Bytes
 Latest Audio Show

 Low Price Search
 Our Tech Conference

 Microsoft Office Tips
 PC Productivity Tips
 Cool Internet Tips
 Windows 2000 Tips
 Windows XP Tips
 Top 50 Fun Sites
 Must-Know Tech Terms
 Top 50 Useful Sites
 Top 75 Tech Sites
 Top 50 PenguinCORE
 Top 50 PenguinTWEAKS





 Tell a Friend About Us!
 Suggest a Feature
 Advertise With Us
 High-Tech Job Search
 Chat With Gnomies
 Watch The Webcams
 Computer Power User

 Read Past Issues
 Download X-Setup
 About Lockergnome
 Our Privacy Policy
 View More Options
 Our XML / RSS Feed
 Syndicate Our Tips
 Link To Lockergnome
 Get Chris's Book

 General Feedback
 E-mail the Editors
 GNOMESPECIALS
 Manage Your Workgroup
 Form Pilot
 Say the Time 5.0
 Boomer - Stream Now
 Create Web/CD catalog
 Easy Web Editor
 Kleptomania
 Tag&Rename
 Pretty Good Solitaire
 Visualize Color Combos
 FirstStop WebSearch
 Ecobuilder
 Book Collector
Get Listed Here
Question: which group is 250,000+ strong and always looking for stuff to make their personal and professional lives run smoother? 


 


CLICK HERE TO ZOOM

 
LOOK IT UP





 
BYTE ME NOW

©2002, Lockergnome LLC. ISSN: 1095-3965. All Rights Reserved. Please read our Terms of Service. Our Web site is hosted by DigitalDaze. Domain registered at DNS Central.





