Re: How to trick my Debian in thinking that a package is not
 installedOn Tue, Apr 27 at 10:32, Boyd Stephen Smith Jr. penned:
> On Tuesday 27 April 2010 08:48:48 Daniel Burrows wrote:
> 
> > Essentially, it causes held packages to be added to the root set
> > (and that's the best implementation, I think: modify aptitude's
> > custom root set function to include held packages).
> 
> You lost me, but I haven't delved into the aptitude source code.  My
> approach would have been just making the 'hold' action also clear
> the 'automatically installed' flag; essentially "institutionalizing"
> the temporary solution.  But, I defer to your solution as it sounds
> more flexible.

I'm also not familiar with the implementation, but I would prefer that
automatically installed packages stay automatically installed, so that
they have the possibility of being automatically removed when no longer
needed.

I use "hold" liberally to weather Sid storms.  There are two cases I
see crop up: one, aptitude suggests removing packages without an
obvious replacement.  Two, aptitude marks things as broken that have
been working just fine.  In either case, I start slamming the "=" key
until packages will no longer be removed, and nothing is marked
broken.  This works 99.99% of the time.  At some later period when I
suspect the storm has passed, I test the waters by unholding the
packages and gauging aptitude's reaction.

I also use "hold" when apt-listbugs + some investigation leads me to
believe I'm better off with the current version.  (There's some reason
I don't use forbid-version, but I don't recall.  Maybe it wasn't
persisting between sessions?  But that would have been years ago.)

All of which is to say, just because I've marked a package on hold
doesn't mean that I want it on my system forever.  But if that's the
only way to deal with the problem, then I can certainly manage.  My
system is ancient, and there are already plenty of package on it whose
presence I can't easily explained.  What's the harm in a few more?

If this is a misuse of "hold" and there's a better way, though, I'm
all ears.  Rereading, it seems like "forbid-version" would be the
right call for most of what I'm doing, assuming it does persist
between aptitude sessions.

-- 
monique


-- 
To UNSUBSCRIBE, email to debian-user-REQUEST@lists.debian.org 
with a subject of "unsubscribe". Trouble? Contact listmaster@lists.debian.org
Archive: http://lists.debian.org/20100427155919.GB30298@mail.bounceswoosh.org


