RE: Living Love - Another legacy of the 60'sdraw the pain

"Ken never wrote about this method, but he often demonstrated it in
workshops. Let us say you have a physical pain somewhere in your body. You
draw the pain in the air with your finger, about 30 cm (1 foot) high. Take
about 60 seconds to trace around the perimeter of the pain, carefully
listening to the pain to find the precise boundary between where it hurts
and where it does not. Repeat. You will find that after about 10 minutes of
this the pain will shift, shrink or disappear. A variant of this is to
imagine making a 3D model the pain in coloured clay."

Works!  There's this coworker - a real pain in my ass!  I used my middle
finger to trace his outline for about 60 seconds.  I listened to him, found
the boundary, and repeated the motion.  He left my office!


-----Original Message-----
From: fork-admin@xent.com [mailto:fork-admin@xent.com]On Behalf Of
Stephen D. Williams
Sent: Thursday, October 03, 2002 5:33 PM
To: fork@example.com
Subject: Living Love - Another legacy of the 60's


Normally, I disdain any kind of mysticism, even when it is associated
with fairly good ideas.  Just a big turnoff.  A good example would be
the difference between Yoga/TM and the more scientifically pure, but
related, relaxation techniques including "betagenics",
hypnosis/auto-hypnosis, etc.  (This was one of the many topics I
obsessively absorbed as a teenager.)  Or Tai Chi etc. vs. Tai Bo /
G-Force Dyno-Staff.

I have to say however that, having found this while looking for
something completely unrelated, it has some cute truisms.  I
particularly like their addiction to non-addiction.  Additionally, the
Mindprod treehugger site has some interesting quotes, etc.

To my internal ear, nearly all of these 60's based new-age vernacular
seem to assume that you are a simple child (of the 60's?) who needs some
religion-like couching of ideas to relate and internalize.  Very
irritating, but taken in small doses it's interesting to compare and
contrast with our (my) modern mental models.

I found that a few of the principles could be used to explain and
justify US/UN foreign policy and actions.

http://mindprod.com/methods.html
http://members.aol.com/inossence/Kenkey.html
http://www.mindprod.com/
(Apologies for the embedded HTML.)

We create the world we live in.
A loving person lives in a loving world,
A hostile person lives in a hostile world.
Everyone you meet is your mirror.

You make yourself and others suffer just as much when you take offence
as when you give offence. To be upset over what you don't have is to
waste what you do have.

The past is dead,
The future is imaginary,
Happiness can only be
in the Eternal Now Moment

How soon will you realize that the only thing you don't have is the
direct experience that there's nothing you need that you don't have.

Love a person because he or she is there.
This is the only reason.

Happiness happens when your consciousness is not dominated by addictions
and demands~ and you experience life as a parade of preferences.

The
purpose
of our lives
is to be free
of all addictive traps,
and thus
become one
with the ocean of
Living Love.


sdw

--
sdw@lig.net http://sdw.st
Stephen D. Williams 43392 Wayside Cir,Ashburn,VA 20147-4622
703-724-0118W 703-995-0407Fax Dec2001








