[Lockergnome Webmaster Weekly]  Compatible Whistles

<!--
 body      { BACKGROUND-IMAGE: url(http://images.lockergnome.com/images/issue/top-right.gif); color: #14367A }
 a:link    { COLOR: #008000; TEXT-DECORATION: underline; font-weight: normal }
 a:visited { COLOR: #003E00; TEXT-DECORATION: underline; font-weight: normal }
 a:active  { COLOR: #000000; text-decoration: none }
 a:hover   { color: GRAY; TEXT-DECORATION: none }
 p.title   { BACKGROUND: #FF9700; BORDER-BOTTOM: #E08A00 4px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #FFB03F 4px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #E08A00 4px solid; BORDER-TOP: #FFB03F 4px solid; COLOR: #4C2E00; FONT-FAMILY: Comic Sans MS, Trebuchet MS, Helvetica, Arial; FONT-SIZE: 14pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal }
 p.sidebar { BACKGROUND: #FF9700; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BORDER-BOTTOM: #E08A00 3px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #FFB03F 3px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #E08A00 3px solid; BORDER-TOP: #FFB03F 3px solid; COLOR: #4C2E00; FONT-FAMILY: Comic Sans MS, Trebuchet MS, Helvetica, Arial; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold } 
 .url      { font-size: 8pt; font-family: Verdana, Tahoma, Arial }
-->


20020712 Sausage Sizzler - Lockergnome - Webmaster Weekly















 07.12.2002 WebREPORT


CUT YOUR DESIGN COSTS AND TIME: Get access to 250+ Web Templates 
with CSS at BasicTemplates.com. 
Annual memberships are only $54.95. Individual templates are $5.00 each. 
New templates added weekly. No link back is required, and web designers 
are not charged higher fees to use them on their clients' sites. 
Browse the full gallery!   

Somehow, it never got mentioned that Lockergnome has a GnomeTome for all 
you 
Dreamweaver users out there. Dennis Jarrett, a gnomie from the UK 
with a prolific list of writing accomplishments, lent his brain to a list 
of things everyone should know to make using Dreamweaver 4 (and newer) 
easier to use. I 've never actually used version 4, having stuck with 3 
until recently starting the review process of the StudioMX  suite, but 
I've been  able to apply every tip I tried to some aspect of DreamweaverMX, 
so I can only guess those of you using 4 will want to 
check 'em out too.

As I mentioned in yesterday's Digital Media newsletter, I recently 
switched cell phones to the 
Kyocera QCP6035. 
The unit is Palm powered, with a screen the size of an m105 and all the 
functionality of Palm OS, in addition to having the latest bells and whistles 
you'd want in a phone. Built in Web browsing, by way of MSN, is slightly 
cumbersome compared to what I'm used to from my cable connection, but I can 
already see the usefulness in carrying around portable access to things like 
driving directions. 

Now that I've got a way to test the final results in real time, I've got a 
more vested interest in making Lockergnome considerably more WAP compatible. 
I'm still figuring out many of the phone's features, so that's still going to 
be at least  a few weeks away. Without a doubt, I'll be sharing my experiences 
in WAPing Lockergnome in an upcoming series of articles.



Jake Ludington        

 GnomeMAIL
phpMyNewsletter
http://gregory.kokanosky.free.fr/phpmynewsletter/

As a free solution for managing newsletters, for smaller lists, 
this does most of what you need. Subscribers are stored in a 
mySQL database, with the ability to send user confirmation 
e-mails. Initially, the address must still be added manually to 
the database, which isn't idea, but doing this generates a 
confirmation e-mail with a link that users click on if they want 
to be added. The software purges addresses with no response, 
following an administrator defined waiting period. From the php 
interface you can send either text or HTML formatted messages, 
with a built-in preview to make sure your formatting is OK. 
Documentation is somewhat sparse, so prior knowledge of php and 
mySQL are useful in getting this installed.



 GnomeTOOLS



OpalisRobot v4.0 [60MB] NT/W2k/XP
http://www.opalis.com

Think of this as something like "cron for Windows" only even more powerful. 
OpalisRobot allows you to schedule almost any process on your server, 
adding an additional layer of functionality, like the ability to program 
telephony commands to complete administrative tasks. OpalisRobot 
effectively processes e-mail commands, in addition to telephone DTMF tones, 
making everything on your server administerable from remote locations, 
even when you can't get remote control access of the machine. Programming 
jobs is point-click simple, saving you time even when you schedule tasks 
to save you time. If you operate in a Windows server environment, you're 
adding extra hours to your day and costing your company additional dollars 
by not having this software.

 GnomeSERVER
PNG Files Do Not Show Transparency in Internet Explorer (Q294714)
http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspx?scid=kb;en-us;Q294714

"If you browse to a Web page that contains an image that has a transparent 
background in Portable Network Graphics (PNG) format, the image background 
may appear to be gray rather than transparent."

Fortunately, Microsoft explains a solution for this problem. Personally, I 
haven't encountered this PNG display error, but for those of you 
simplementing PNGs on your sites, you'll want to review the solution.





WEB TEMPLATES WITH CSS: Cut your design costs and time with an 
annual membership from BasicTemplates.com. 
For only $54.95 get access to 250+ Web Templates. 
New templates added weekly.  


 GnomeUSABILITY

http://diveintomark.org/

Not only is this information great for improving blog accessibility, it 
happens to be equally relevant for *any* site. The 30 days are nearing 
their end, which means you won't have to wait to find out what's next; 
you can simply click to the next page. Mark Pilgrim, the site's creator, 
sets the stage with 5 characters (all of which could easily represent 
real people) and walks through their physical, mental, and technological 
limitations. Following the character introductions, Mark walks through 
an accessibility scenario each day and then relates the concept back 
specific benefits for each character's limitations. Solutions are 
presented with blogs in mind, but with very little extrapolation you'll 
be able to make every site you design more user friendly.


 GnomeBLOG
Backend.UserLand.Com
http://backend.userland.com/

I've been using Radio from the moment I finally got around to creating 
a blog. The software keeps things simple and automatically updates 
itself when new things get added. Userland goes far beyond creating a 
desktop interface for their blogging system though. They've fully 
documented all the XML, XML-RPC, and SOAP tie-ins used to connect to 
their network, which could easily be adapted to other content 
management applications with some XML knowhow. Backend is the place to 
look "under the hood" at Userland's XML inner workings, including 
detailed documentation on making everything work. If you've got 
modifications or improvements to the system, they have an open 
discussion forum for trading ideas.






http://www.lockergnome.com/issues/webmasterweekly/20020712.html
Your subscribed e-mail address is: [qqqqqqqqqq-lg@spamassassin.taint.org] - To unsubscribe or change your delivery address, please visit the subscription management page. For further information, please refer to the GnomeCREDITS in the sidebar.






LOCKERGNOME


 Download Our Tip Files

 Latest Windows Daily
 Latest Digital Media
 Latest Tech Specialist
 Latest Penguin Shell

 Latest Apple Core
 Latest Web Weekly
 Latest Bits & Bytes
 Latest Audio Show


 Low Price Search
 $99 Tech Conference

 The GnomeSTORE
 Tell a Friend About Us!
 Suggest a Feature
 Advertise With Us
 High-Tech Job Search
 Chat With Gnomies
 Watch The Webcams

 Computer Power User

 Read Past Issues
 Download X-Setup
 About Lockergnome
 Our Privacy Policy
 View More Options
 Our XML / RSS Feed
 Syndicate Our Tips

 Link To Lockergnome
 Get Chris's Book
 General Feedback
 E-mail the Editor
 Jake's Blog

 Our XML / RSS Feed
 Syndicate Our Tips
 Link To Lockergnome

 SOUND SYSTEMS
Yamaha RX-V1200
Sony DAVC900
Harman Kardon	AVR520
Denon	AVR5803
Pioneer VSXD811S
Pioneer Elite	VSX49TX
Sony HTDDW840
Yamaha HTR5560
BOSE LS122BK
Sony DAVC450
 GNOMESPECIALS
 Manage Your Workgroup
 Form Pilot
 Say the Time 5.0
 Boomer - Stream Now
 Create Web/CD catalog
 Easy Web Editor
 Kleptomania
 Tag&Rename
 Pretty Good Solitaire
 Visualize Color Combos
 FirstStop WebSearch
 Ecobuilder
 Book Collector
Get Listed Here
Question: which group is 250,000+ strong and always looking for stuff to make their personal and professional lives run smoother?





 
LOOK IT UP





 
CREDITS

©2002, Sausage Software and Lockergnome LLC. All Rights Reserved. Nathan Allan, the Sausage Crew and Lockergnome Lunatics spin all the content. Please read our Terms of Service.



  Search Past Issues:
















 
GETTING PAID WHAT YOU ARE WORTH? Change your career - or get a better one! Your dream job could be a mouse click away. Visit our job search page for a position with a future. Find a new career today!







