Where TabletPC will succeed (Tech Update)

Tech Update Today































VITAL SIGNS FOR JULY 17, 2002









David Berlind


Where TabletPC will succeed--and why


OK, OK, you readers were right all along. I now believe that Microsoft"s TabletPC can be a big hit. Where? Vertical markets. Why? Development tools.






Why you won't be buying one from Dell









Latest from ZDNet News


CERT: Security reports multiplying


Microsoft squashes Windows 2000 bugs



Sun's ID software gets a Liberty face-lift



Mobile slump puts the bite on Bluetooth


'Rainbow' coalition to spread wireless



Handspring courts corporate buyers


Apple patches serious security hole



More Enterprise News
















Farber's Picks

















DanFarber







Slowing sales shrinking Intel workforce





Intel announced lower-than-expected earnings yesterday and that 4,000 jobs (5 percent of its staff) would be eliminated this year. This may bring Intel's margins back in line, but the overall outlook is not bright in the coming months, despite Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's optimism about a more timely recovery.





Read the full story


VMware ups consolidation ante

The new version of VMware's lower-end server product is slated to run atop the latest versions of Linux  from SuSE, 
MandrakeSoft and Red Hat, as well as Microsoft Windows .Net Server due this year. Offering more Intel-server based 
consolidation opportunities than ever, GSX Server 2.0 includes support for AMD's Athlon XP and Intel's Xeon 
processors.




Read the full story


Server consolidation eases system management












Software contracts: Clause for alarm

In the high-stakes game of corporate software negotiations, the silver-tongued sales rep isn't your biggest challenge: It's 
the language in the contracts. Enterprise customers spend surprisingly little time pouring over the fine print of 
multi-million dollar software contracts that are rife with obscure terminology, vague expansion charges, and mind-boggling 
license conversions. As a result, they end up paying in ways they had never imagined long after the deal is signed. Just 
ask California.




Read the fine print


Six steps to the best TCO with Linux


Don't just bring in Linux as yet another OS to manage. To help you determine whether Linux offers better TCO than Windows, 
Gartner examines the benefits and pitfalls of deploying Linux-based servers.
 




Read the full story











Rack server a la mode

With its Xserve rack-mount server, Apple is moving into enterprise territory. The specs are impressive: Dual 1GHz 
PowerPC G4s, up to 2GB DDR SDRAM, two 64-bit 66MHz PCI slots (plus a third combination PCI/AGP slot), dual Gigabit Ethernet, 
FireWire and USB ports, and four Ultra ATA/100 Apple Drive Module bays. But Bill O'Brien thinks Apple's 
licensing may be even more appealing than the hardware.



Read the full story











A notebook with desktop muscle
WinBook's big and heavy J4 uses a desktop Pentium 4 and leaves mobile P4-M notebooks in the dust. That means heavy 
lifting for your spreadsheets--and your shoulders. If you travel only occasionally and need top performance, this 
might be the sole computer for you. 



Read the full review


Write me at dan.farber@cnet.com
Back to top





















Also on Tech Update Today








FEATURE 





Top 10 Web services security requirements

Security is a critical, yet often overlooked, aspect of Web services development. Consider these requirements when 
working with your next project. 


 



DOWNLOADS 





Stamp out the bugs


Does your code need a once-over? Debug your software with this collection of tools and utilities designed to locate 
and correct programming mistakes, track defects, and more.




 




PREVIOUSLY ON TECH UPDATE TODAY 





Bridging the gap between Liberty and Microsoft


It appears that we are closer to a solution for single sign-on. But what if Microsoft chooses not to support Liberty's specifications?




Microsoft stresses security for Exchange


The software giant plans to improve the Exchange Server e-mail system in the software's first major upgrade in nearly 
two years.







Crucial Clicks--products worth looking at










MONITORS



A Porsche you can afford
Samsung paired up with F.A. Porsche designers to deliver the SyncMaster 171P, a sleek, 17-inch LCD.

Read review





Most Popular Products



Monitors
1. Samsung SyncMaster 151S
2. NEC MultiSync 1550V
3. Envision EN-5100e
4. Samsung SyncMaster 570 V
5. Samsung SyncMaster 955 DF
More popular monitors














Elsewhere on ZDNet







Need a memory upgrade? Find out with CNET's Memory Configurator.

Clearance Center: Get discounts on PCs, PDAs, MP3 players and more!

Find out the top 10 Web services security requirements at Tech Update.

Builder.com shows you how to bring Java to the masses with Cold Fusion MX.

Check out thousands of IT job listings in ZDNet's Career Center.



 
 




























Sign up for more free newsletters from ZDNet



The e-mail address for your subscription is qqqqqqqqqq-zdnet@example.com

Unsubscribe | 
         Manage 
        My Subscriptions | FAQ | 
         Advertise






















Home |eBusiness | Security | Networking | Applications | Platforms | Hardware | Contact us




        Copyright 2002 CNET Networks, Inc. All rights reserved. ZDNet is a registered service mark of CNET Networks, Inc.          





