[zzzzteana] White Horse vandalisedhttp://yorkshirepost.co.uk/ed/front/481722

Pro-hunt activists target top sight

ONE of Yorkshire's most famous sights yesterday became one of the first
targets in bizarre attacks on White Horse landmarks linked to the hunting
debate.
Villagers near Thirsk could not believe their eyes when they woke yesterday
to find the famous White Horse of Kilburn had acquired a rider during the
night.
In another incident, the Uffington white horse in Oxfordshire had a huntsman
and three hounds added to the ancient figure, which is thought to represent
a Celtic god or tribal symbol.
Pro-hunt activists in the Real Countryside Alliance (RCA) ­ a radical
alternative to the better-known Countryside Alliance ­ admitted
responsibility last night for targeting the two images.
The 314ft by 228ft landmark at Kilburn has been lovingly preserved since it
was carved in the limestone by schoolmaster John Hodgson and his pupils in
1857.
But during Monday night someone nailed on a massive figure of a huntsman
with a horn ­ which had been cut to scale out of a single piece of white
carpet. It was removed yesterday by members of Kilburn White Horse
Association, who found a Countryside Alliance badge attached to the carpet.
John Roberts of the association said: "It has obviously been very well
organised. It was a well crafted piece of kit: a figure of a huntsman with a
horn cut out of carpets.
"It was big and impressive and could be seen for miles about. They tied it
to bushes at the top and nailed it down. It caused all the stone chippings
to be pushed downwards, which will help turn the white horse grey. It will
not get another refit for another year.
"Whoever did it must have come with a vehicle ­ a tractor and trailer or a
lorry ­ because the carpet must have come in one piece. It was extremely
well planned and took several people an hour and a half to get it off."
The sculpture needs constant work because, unlike chalk horses in the south
of England, it is cut into limestone which is the wrong colour and needs
whitening.
Mr Roberts added: "The damage as such is not great but it adds to the
deterioration, which means it will need more work next time.
"We would have more sympathy if, having made the point, they would come to
take it away again because it was a major job."
Andy Wilson, chief executive of the North York Moors National Park, said:
"It is a scheduled ancient monument and the local residents are very proud
of it and go to enormous trouble to keep it white. There is also careful
consideration of what shape it should be kept with the constant growth of
vegetation so you can understand the alarm and regret at any changes. There
has not been a cut in the turf ­ which would be much more of a problem. It
would seem it was carefully plotted beforehand."
An RCA spokesman said: "Some people in the country are getting very
frustrated at the inaction. All we want is Ministers to take notice. Marches
don't seem to be doing anything good."
The Countryside Alliance said it did not have any part in the action.
Spokesman Adrian Yelland said: "The Countryside Alliance only ever advocates
campaigning that is lawful and dissociates itself from acts of vandalism and
regrets any damage that may have been caused by this incident."
The incident follows graffiti on road signs and motorway bridges in
Yorkshire thought to be RCA work.

------------------------ Yahoo! Groups Sponsor ---------------------~-->
4 DVDs Free +s&p; Join Now
http://us.click.yahoo.com/pt6YBB/NXiEAA/MVfIAA/7gSolB/TM
---------------------------------------------------------------------~->

To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:
forteana-unsubscribe@egroups.com

 

Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to http://docs.yahoo.com/info/terms/ 



