[Lockergnome Tech Specialist]  Handprint Singing

<!--
 body      { BACKGROUND-IMAGE: url(http://images.lockergnome.com/images/issue/top-right.gif); color: #331F30 }
 a:link    { COLOR: #331F30; TEXT-DECORATION: underline; font-weight: normal }
 a:visited { COLOR: #331F30; TEXT-DECORATION: underline; font-weight: normal }
 a:active  { COLOR: GRAY; text-decoration: none }
 a:hover   { color: GRAY; TEXT-DECORATION: none }
 p.title   { BACKGROUND: #C69EBF; BORDER-BOTTOM: #4F2F4A 4px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #E7D5E4 4px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #4F2F4A 4px solid; BORDER-TOP: #E7D5E4 4px solid; COLOR: #331F30; FONT-FAMILY: Comic Sans MS, Trebuchet MS, Helvetica, Arial; FONT-SIZE: 14pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal }
 p.sidebar { BACKGROUND: #E7D5E4; BORDER-BOTTOM: #C69EBF 3px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #FFFFFF 3px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #C69EBF 3px solid; BORDER-TOP: #FFFFFF 3px solid; COLOR: #331F30; FONT-FAMILY: Comic Sans MS, Trebuchet MS, Helvetica, Arial; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold; TEXT-ALIGN: center } 
 .url      { font-size: 8pt; font-family: Verdana, Tahoma, Arial }
-->
20020710 Lockergnome Tech Specialist
















  07.10.2002 GnomeREPORT 


WE NEED YOU TO BE AT GNOMEDEX! That's what your employer should be 
telling you. Microsoft Pocket PC experts will be sharing tips on improving 
workplace productivity with portable devices. Combined with Proxim's on 
location wireless networking solutions, a Pocket PC can keep you and your 
co-workers communicating no matter where you are in the building. Learn 
how to bring Wi-FI and PDA technologies together for the ultimate in 
portable computing. 
Register for Gnomedex today!   

Reader Jack Macdonald has some advice for you would-be bards in the audience: 

"You mention Karaoke being featured at Gnomedex and you 
might want to point out to other Gnomies that they could 
practice their Karaoke on my Red Hot 
Karaoke Page site. There are the words and music for 
more than 1100 songs available on the site and by 
downloading the Yamanha Midiplug (a link is provided) they 
can even change the key of the song to suit their voice 
range as well as speed up or slow down the music to their 
taste. In other words, to have the same experience as they 
would have with professional Karaoke equipment but at no 
extra cost! At this price (zero) a lot of gnomies going to 
Gnomedex could be singing up a storm by being properly 
prepared for your Karaoke."

Travel day on Wednesday as I head down to Ankeny, Iowa to 
help out a former co-worker and avid Gnomie with some server 
and networking stuff. The tough part is remembering 
everything I'll need. It never fails, though. I always, 
always, always forget something. I can make lists two weeks 
in advance and I'll end up 30 miles down the road with a 
handprint on my forehead when I come to the realization that 
I left something important behind. What will it be this 
time, I wonder? I'll let you know on Thursday.




See You in August,              Randy Nieland       

 GnomeNETWORK
Forwarding to Internet Address Fails
http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspx?scid=kb;EN-US;q181636
Client inquires about the possibility of forwarding all 
internal and Internet email to his AOL mailbox when he's out 
of the office, and I figure it's going to be a piece of 
cake. He recently acquired a new phone through Verizon along 
with web access and a tie into his AOL mailbox, which was 
the driving force behind this request. What I found was that 
Internet email proved to be easy using a simple forwarding 
rule, but none of the internal Exchange email was being sent 
out to the Internet upon receipt, even though it appeared to 
be included in the rule. As it happens, this is due to a 
default configuration option on the Exchange 5.5 server that 
prevents automatic replies/forwards from being sent to the 
Internet using the Exchange Internet Mail Service. A quick 
configuration change and restart of IMS will put things 
right.


 GnomeSYSTEM
Stop the Presses
http://www.wininformant.com/Articles/Index.cfm?ArticleID=25802
... The CD presses, that is. Microsoft has given in to 
the greater good and delayed Windows 2000 Service Pack 3 
indefinitely. Sure, it's mildly disappointing, but I applaud 
the move. Instead of trying to downplay the previously 
identified problems with Microsoft Installer (MSI) 2.0, the 
service pack will be put on ice until the issues are 
straightened out. Here's a quote for you... Good job, 
Microsoft.


 GnomeALERTZ
Today's Top 5 kbAlertz

Q198845 - WD2000: How to Return Only File Names Using FileSearch Property (Q198845)
Q310436 - Cannot Play a DVD in Windows XP (Q310436)
Q321305 - How to Log On to Windows XP If You Forget Your Password or Your Password Expires (Q321305)
Q321146 - Freddi Fish 2: The Case of the Haunted Schoolhouse Program Causes an Error Message in Windows XP (Q321146)
Q321144 - Visioneer One Touch 8100 Scanner Causes an Error Message in Windows XP (Q321144)



CHRIS TEACHES THE BASICS: If you've got friends or family who want to learn more about their PC, from a guy who makes things nice and easy, check out the VHS release of Computer Basics in the GnomeStore. Chris teams with TechTV cohort, Kate Botello, to lead novices on a journey through their computer. From basic interactions, to installing apps, to using the Internet and e-mail, Chris and Kate have all the basics covered. Help out a friend and  get them a copy today.    


Recommend It!
 GnomeASSISTANT
Windows XP System File Checker
Dean Truax mentioned the System File Checker as a 
possible solution to my Windows Media Player problem under 
Windows XP, and I did indeed run through it prior to 
attempting an in-place upgrade, obviously with no 
improvement. It's still worth a mention, however, in case 
you're not familiar with what it's there for. As you're 
probably aware, XP contains a file protection scheme that 
will immediate replace any system files that are deleted or 
altered in any way, ensuring that XP is kept in a stable 
state. Sometimes this system can get a little out of whack, 
and the SFC is meant to restore order. Note that any 
hotfixes and other Microsoft-provided updates will be left 
in place since they properly update the DLL Cache that is 
used as the sanity check to determine if a system file has 
been messed with. To access the SFC, simply launch a command 
prompt and type "SFC" to display a list of options.


 GnomeSTUFF
Consider This
Forwarded by JW

http://www.computerworld.com/securitytopics/security/story/0,10801,72519,00.html
The next time you have a face-to-face with your elected 
representatives, you might want to start asking about their 
opinions on technology laws that are being proposed left and 
right. Holding a public office seems to be introducing brain 
death more frequently considering proposals by Senator Fritz 
Hollings and now LA congressman Howard Berman. If Mr. Berman 
gets his way, companies may very well be allowed to hack 
into your systems without proof of provocation in order to 
ensure that you are using their software according to the 
stated rules. Mind you, if they cause colateral damage or 
upset other systems, there isn't thing one you can do in 
return. Nope, they'll have legal protection. This garbage is 
seriously getting scary. If you think it won't be abused, 
consider the case of Dimitry Skylarov when he publicly 
pointed out eBook security problems with Adobe's software 
and was promptly thrown in jail for his trouble under the 
authority of the Digital Millenium Copyright Act. He was 
eventually released, but that doesn't make it any more 
right.






Recommend It!



http://www.lockergnome.com/issues/techspecialist/20020710.html
Your subscribed e-mail address is: [qqqqqqqqqq-lg@spamassassin.taint.org] - To unsubscribe or change your delivery address, please visit the subscription management page. For further information, please refer to the GnomeCREDITS in the sidebar.





LOOK OVER HERE

 Download Tip eBooks

 Latest Windows Daily
 Latest Digital Media
 Latest Tech Specialist
 Latest Penguin Shell
 Latest Apple Core
 Latest Web Weekly
 Latest Bits & Bytes
 Latest Audio Show

 Low Price Search
 Our Tech Conference

 Microsoft Office Tips
 PC Productivity Tips
 Cool Internet Tips
 Windows 2000 Tips
 Windows XP Tips

 Tell a Friend About Us!
 Suggest a Feature
 Advertise With Us
 High-Tech Job Search
 Chat With Gnomies
 Watch The Webcams
 Computer Power User

 Read Past Issues
 Download X-Setup
 About Lockergnome
 Our Privacy Policy
 View More Options
 Our XML / RSS Feed
 Syndicate Our Tips
 Link To Lockergnome
 Get Chris's Book


 E-mail a Suggestion
 Your Rant / Rave
 General Feedback
 The Editor's Blog
 E-mail the Editor
 SOUND SYSTEMS
Yamaha RX-V1200
Sony DAVC900
Harman Kardon	AVR520
Denon	AVR5803
Pioneer VSXD811S
Pioneer Elite	VSX49TX
Sony HTDDW840
Yamaha HTR5560
BOSE LS122BK
Sony DAVC450

 GNOMESPECIALS
 Manage Your Workgroup
 Form Pilot
 Say the Time 5.0
 Boomer - Stream Now
 Create Web/CD catalog
 Easy Web Editor
 Kleptomania
 Tag&Rename
 Pretty Good Solitaire
 Visualize Color Combos
 FirstStop WebSearch
 Ecobuilder
 Book Collector
Get Listed Here
Question: which group is 250,000+ strong and always looking for stuff to make their personal and professional lives run smoother? 


 


CLICK HERE TO ZOOM

 
LOOK IT UP





 
BYTE ME NOW

©2002, Lockergnome LLC. ISSN: 1095-3965. All Rights Reserved. Please read our Terms of Service. Our Web site is hosted by DigitalDaze. Domain registered at DNS Central.





