Webex EndeavorsWe have a partnership with Webex.  We use their serivce
for cross-firewall app sharing--something that Netmeeting/Messenger
and Sametime require a lot of configuration of firewalls,
authentications, access controls and user training for.  

Now Webex has invites, instant meeting launch without any 
configuration. Users like it as now they have something to do 
in between Web conferences and places to store and author 
documents, reschedule meetings, relaunch meetings.  Webex likes 
it as people are signed on all the time.  

Greg



September 19, 2002

  Tadpole's Secure Web Software Subsidiary Endeavors Technology Teams With Web
  Meetings Leader WebEx Communications
  To Provide Best-of-Breed Solution For Extended Group Collaboration During
  and Between Online Meetings

  Web meetings raise the quality of team interaction and communications for
  users of the Web's secure, P2P collaboration network

  ###

  Tadpole Technology plc, the mobile computing and network infrastructure
  group, today announces that its web collaboration subsidiary, Endeavors
  Technology, Inc., has teamed with Web meetings leader, WebEx
  Communications,Inc. to help professionals make better use of corporate time
  and resources, and gain competitive advantage. By integrating the advanced
  communications capabilities of the WebEx platform with Endeavors' secure P2P
  collaboration network, Endeavors has created a new method of world-class
  teamwork and interaction without the hassle of travel.

  With the rapid growth in popularity of Web meetings, the rationale for this
  world-class relationship stems from the growing need for workgroups around
  the world to maintain the quality of the team collaboration experience
  between online meetings. The issue by those preferring not to travel is how
  to continue to collaborate and share information with team members between
  meetings rather than depending on intermittent, insecure email and multiple
  copies of constantly changing documents.

  Inter-meeting collaboration needs an asynchronous medium, independent of
  time. In asynchronous mode, a team member can access, read and edit
  information relevant to the meeting group at his/her convenience rather than
  having to fit into the schedules and timeframes of others. A secured
  environment available only to members of a meeting or project is also
  essential.

  Endeavors' Magi technology converts the Web into a secure platform for
  sharing information directly from people's desktops. WebEx meetings can be
  recorded and reviewed at any time, documents shared in the meeting can be
  actioned in real-time or at a later date, calendars and project schedules
  can be updated at any time, and new individuals added to the workgroup at
  will . all in a secure environment with people working across the globe,
  inside or outside company firewalls.

  Magi peer collaboration securely delivers significant benefits to Web
  meeting participants. Not only can they share and access information at
  will, but they can also know which other participants are online or
  "present." This enables them to chat and message each other, search across
  other people's Magi environment, and work jointly on relevant documents
  highly productively. With Magi collaboration, in tandem with WebEx
  conferencing, the savings can be huge in terms of travel costs, phone bills,
  and, most importantly, timely completion of projects and tasks.

  "In order to realise the full potential of Web meetings, best-of-breed
  services are needed to eliminate time and geographical boundaries," says
  Bernard Hulme, Tadpole's group chief executive. "The powerful combination
  of Endeavors' Magi and WebEx's communications technologies will assist
  global work teams to better meet critical business goals and deadlines by
  maintaining teamwork momentum within and between Web meetings."

  "WebEx is transforming the way businesses use the Web for sales, marketing,
  training, support and product design," says David Farrington, vice president
  of corporate development at WebEx Communications. "By integrating the
  communications capabilities of the WebEx platform with Endeavors' secure
  collaboration network, Endeavors has created an offering that provides the
  best in synchronous and asynchronous communications."

  About Magi
  Magi Enterprise 3.0, an award-winning web collaboration system, transforms
  today's Web into a highly secure inter- and intra-enterprise collaboration
  network of files and web resources. For the first time, enterprises can
  implement ad-hoc Virtual Private Networks for collaboration very rapidly and
  affordably without disrupting existing applications, networks or work
  practices. Magi Enterprise 3.0 does this by effectively transforming
  unsecured, "read-only" Web networks into two-way trusted and transparent
  collaboration environments, through the use of such features as
  cross-firewall connections, advanced data extraction, an intuitive graphical
  interface, and universal name spaces generating "follow me URLs" for mobile
  professionals.

  About Endeavors Technology, Inc.
  Endeavors Technology, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of mobile computing
  and network infrastructure vendor Tadpole Technology plc (LSE-TAD,
  www.tadpole.com), which has plants and offices in Irvine and Carlsbad
  (California), and Cambridge, Edinburgh, and Bristol (UK). For further
  information on Endeavors' P2P solutions, call 949-833-2800, email to
  p2p@endeavors.com, or visit the company's website http://www.endeavors.com.

  ends

  For further information, please contact:

  Bernard Hulme, Tadpole Technology - via Patcom Media
  Hugh Paterson, Patcom Media - Tel 0207 987 4888, Email
  hughp@patcom-media.com

  Bullets for Editors

  WebEx
  Web communications services (synchronous): network-based platform for
  delivering highly interactive, visually dynamic Web communications. The
  WebEx platform supports real-time data, voice and video communications.
  WebEx is the only company to design, develop and deploy a global network for
  real-time Web communications.

  Magi
  On and off-line (asynchronous) communication and collaboration: cross
  enterprise search and discovery, transparent security and trust (SSL & PKI),
  2-way web access to files and applications, permanent cross firewall access,
  ad hoc and permanent secure groups, centralized or decentralized control of
  access lists and security privileges, centralized caching of information
  (never lose anything critical), multi-device access to information (desktop,
  laptop, PDA).


