[Lockergnome Windows Daily]  Beefier Vinyl

<!--
 body      { BACKGROUND-IMAGE: url(http://images.lockergnome.com/images/issue/top-right.gif); color: #990000 }
 a:link    { COLOR: #000000; TEXT-DECORATION: underline; font-weight: normal }
 a:visited { COLOR: #C84200; TEXT-DECORATION: underline; font-weight: normal }
 a:active  { COLOR: GRAY; text-decoration: none }
 a:hover   { color: GRAY; TEXT-DECORATION: none }
 p.title   { BACKGROUND: #FFCC99; BORDER-BOTTOM: #FF9966 4px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #FFEEDD 4px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #FF9966 4px solid; BORDER-TOP: #FFEEDD 4px solid; COLOR: #990000; FONT-FAMILY: Comic Sans MS, Trebuchet MS, Helvetica, Arial; FONT-SIZE: 14pt; FONT-WEIGHT: normal }
 p.sidebar { BACKGROUND: #FFEEDD; TEXT-ALIGN: center; BORDER-BOTTOM: #FFCC99 3px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #FFFFFF 3px solid; BORDER-RIGHT: #FFCC99 3px solid; BORDER-TOP: #FFFFFF 3px solid; COLOR: #990000; FONT-FAMILY: Comic Sans MS, Trebuchet MS, Helvetica, Arial; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-WEIGHT: bold } 
 .url      { font-size: 8pt; font-family: Verdana, Tahoma, Arial }
-->
20020712 Lockergnome Windows Daily
















  07.12.2002 GnomeREPORT 

Content Management Is Key: Need a reason your boss should be sending you to Gnomedex? Some of the leading experts on content management solutions (those things we affectionately call blogs) will be sharing the future of blogging and how you can adapt it to both the way you do business and the way you communicate in general. Join Evan Williams and Doc Searls as they share pearls of wisdom on blogging, Linux and other open source applications that are changing our lives. If that's not enough incentive, remind the boss that THE Internet security guru, Steve Gibson, will be sharing his wisdom as well. Register for Gnomedex today!   



My mom just notified me of my aunt Theresa's death. She was my
father's older sister, though I only knew her through a few e-mail
exchanges and a couple of brief encounters as a child. This news
came hours after I received ANOTHER bit of disturbing news:
"Please tell Chris that one of his first fans died last weekend of
a heart attack at home." I first met Jon Snyder at an Apple user's
group meeting a couple of years ago; to me, he always looked like
a beefier Robert Beltran. Death is something we all must deal
with, but you never seem to be prepared for it when someone
actually dies. A few months ago, Aunt Theresa sent word that she
had seen my show. It was good to know that even though we hadn't
interacted much over the past few years, she was still able to see
me on TV. And even though you didn't know him, you're closer to
Jon than you realize. Witness this message he sent to his boss a
few months ago:


"I evangelized for months last year for having our company at
the first of these consumer computer conferences in Des Moines
last October, but got shot down. The conference was a hit despite
being postponed by 9/11, and having to move the venue at the last
minute. I know... I was there. So, I'm starting all over again
being 'pushy' about our presence at this event in August of this
year. Chris Pirillo, whose Des Moines-based commercial email
publishing group 'Lockergnome' puts this conference together, is a
friend of mine. He was the 'kid' hired by TechTV to host their
Call for Help daily TV program in SF starting last fall. If you
get the Dish network or Mediacom cable you can catch his show. I
have my DishPlayer set up to record his show on a daily basis.
It's VERY well done, as is TechTV as a whole."


I returned from speaking to another user group the other night and
found that approximately 100 new GnomeTomes had been ordered.
Sweet! When I started looking closer at the numbers, I realized
that Jake was offering his Converting
Vinyl LPs to CD eBook for free - and that's all anybody was
taking. No, seriously - five hundred orders later, and 99% of them
were just for that particular title. Now, while I don't have a
problem with Jake's offer, I do want to encourage you to check out
the non-free titles (and if you've already looked, please
look again). A lot of blood,
sweat, and tears went into them - and they're just as helpful. In
fact, Jake's also written one for OS X (which
probably wouldn't impress you if you weren't using an Apple
machine). Although, I'm sure plenty of you use
Dreamweaver.
Which reminds me: Jake's also now authoring our Webmaster Weekly
newsletter. So, if you haven't read that in a while, I'd encourage
you to give it another glance. After all, as Elwood
Edwards so finely said: You've
Got Lockergnome! Thanks to David
Lawrence for making that MP3 a reality. El can make one with your
name, too. And yes, that's the AOL guy.



See You in August,              Chris Pirillo       
 GnomeDOWNLOADS
VLINK v0.6.8.0 [257k] W9x FREE

http://www.vxtech.org/

{Desktop link manager} Nothing gets you there faster than a link.
I mean, imagine if while you're surfing, you had to stop and type
in a URL every time you wanted to move to a new page. Simply
unacceptable. So why not have that convenience when working with
other files? This application gives you the option of opening or
running any file or program you desire via links. You can also
shut down your computer or disable your screensaver through this
program. "No installer is required for VLink - it will not change
any of your registry settings or other Windows settings; simply
extract the files PowerLink.dll and VLink.exe to a directory and
run it."


GhiaTracker v1.5 [370k] W9x/2k/XP FREE

http://homepage.mac.com/karmannghia/ghiatracker/

{Learn about your Ghia} Gearheads, motorheads, call them whatever
you will, but I've never been part of their ranks. Not that I
don't like cars, mind you; I find them much more useful than pogo
sticks. If you happen to own a little vehicle known as the Karmann
Ghia, you should drive on over and download this program. Click on
any year between 1956 (the year it went into production) and 1974
to get a brief synopsis of the car and its changes for that year.
You can also get other specifications such as torque, horsepower,
compression, etc. Even if you're not "into" cars, check this out.
This program was created for use on the Mac, but a Windows version
is also available.





Recommend It!
 GnomeCLICKS










 GnomeSYSTEM
WebTV Viewer v2.6 [6.8M] W9x FREE

http://developer.msntv.com/tools/viewer/

"Preview your sites on WebTV without leaving your PC! The WebTV
Viewer simulates WebTV on your system. Read the online Viewer
Installation Guide to find out more on how to use this software.
Important: the PC version of the WebTV Viewer (2.6) reflects all
of the features of the most recent upgrade from Spring 2001. Note:
The Viewer is similar, but not identical, to a real WebTV system.
The WebTV Viewer program is currently beta-level software on both
Windows and Macintosh. This means that it has not been completely
tested and debugged. The WebTV Viewer is like a WebTV browser
because: it changes page layout by compressing page width and
enlarging text; and it supports HTML, JavaScript, as well as other
Internet standards in the same way. The WebTV Viewer is not like a
WebTV browser because: your computer monitor has a higher
resolution than a television screen, and displays color better;
and the Viewer does not support email or audio, while the WebTV
browser does."




Recommend It!
 GnomeWILDCARD

Full PDF Books
Poor Richard's Web
Internet Promotions
E-Mail Publishing
Web Site Makeover
Websites Made Easy
Online Communities
Home Networking
Internet Recruiting
Online Branding

The Evidence is Against You
Scribbled by Jim Girard

Every time some new technology has expanded free access to popular
music, starting with radio broadcasts of recorded songs in the
1930s, the recording industry has fought it - claiming that it
would cost them money. And every time, it has resulted in
increased sales. The best-known example, of course, was the
advances in tape cassette technology in the 60s and 70s, including
Dolby sound technology. As with MP3, this technology was opposed
by the music industry as different from previous such
developments, because it made it possible for ordinary people to
create their own copies at near-professional quality. The actual
result was the creation of a whole new profit center for the music
industry - pre-recorded cassette tapes - which actually became
more popular than vinyl for a while (before the advent of CD
technology).

The thing is, the music industry is well aware of this effect -
 and they are not really aiming to stop the private exchange of
songs in MP3 format. If that were their goal, they'd be
instituting widespread, aggressive legal actions against all the
server-centered nodes (as they did against all radio stations
playing their music in the 30s, when they really thought the
phenomenon was going to wipe them out). Instead, they have focused
on the best-known services - first Napster, then Morpheus, KaZaA,
and most recently, Audiogalaxy. Even in those cases, they've
limited their legal challenges to things they know they can win -
 and they've avoided actual court trials whenever possible (to
avoid the possibility of setting some damaging precedent).

The point that seems to escape a lot of people is that copyright
is not a property in the same sense as most of the things we think
of as property. One key difference is that if you don't defend it,
you lose it. If you left your car sitting in the driveway, with
the window open and the keys in the ignition, and somebody drove
away in it, that would still be theft - and you'd still be
entitled to get your car back. Not so with copyright. If you are
aware of infringement and you do nothing to try to stop it, you
are voluntarily allowing it to enter the public domain. It's for
the same reason that big companies insist that newspapers put a
copyright or trademark symbol after the names of their products
whenever they're mentioned, and not use words like "Coke" or
"Kleenex" as generic terms. They don't really expect everybody to
do what they say - and they're well aware that having the name of
one's product become the generic term for a product is actually a
great marketing boon. But if they DON'T do that, someone at some
point could start using the word on their own product, arguing
that it is in the public domain.

The efforts of the music industry are not aimed at actually
stopping the exchange of music between individuals - which they
know from long experience, increases their sales because most of
the people who normally buy the music aren't really satisfied with
near-perfect copies. For most of them, the learning curve and the
cost in time of creating those copies themselves outweighs the
cost of simply buying the CD. Most of the outright piracy is
committed by people who wouldn't have bought the music in the
first place. What the music industry is doing is clearly aimed at
establishing a public record of their efforts to defend copyright,
in the broadest, most public way; to prevent anyone from making a
legal claim that the stuff they own has entered the public domain.
The thing they're really worried about, in terms of profits, is
the change in the marketing model. Even legitimate online music
commerce threatens the album format, with its traditional mix of a
few good songs and a bunch of others most people wouldn't pay for
if they were buying the stuff song by song. The problem is how to
make as much money on a per-song basis - and, at the moment, it
requires charging far more for an individual song that most people
are willing to pay.

At any rate, copyright is actually a fairly complex matter of
civil law, with a good deal of history behind it - dating back to
the Renaissance. The strategies music companies use are clearly
directed to realities and necessities, in light of history and
case law. They have also done a great PR job, convincing the most
technically knowledgeable people on the Internet that it is a
simple moral or criminal issue. "Common sense" tells a lot of
people that copying music without paying for it is just like
stealing someone's car, and represents a loss to the owner. But if
common sense could decide the issue equitably, we wouldn't have
the law in the first place. Most of our great intellectual
systems, including not only law but science, are designed in large
part to overcome the errors of common sense, and that is more the
case in civil law than criminal. The people who work within those
systems are well aware of that, but they are also well aware that
most people aren't - and that it can work to their advantage. Any
time a highly paid civil attorney begins by telling you that an
issue vital to his client is actually very simple, or just a
matter of common sense, there's a very high probability that what
he means is that it's to his clients advantage if people like you
believe that. If it really WERE that simple, the client wouldn't
be paying him as much as he is.



Submit Your Thoughts | Recommend It!

A BOOK FOR EVERY GEEK: Want to know more about networking? Have you ever wanted to write an e-book? Maybe you need to polish your Web design skills? Get full-length books from the Poor Richard's series, including Poor Richard's E-mail Publishing, by Chris Pirillo, at GnomeTomes.com, for 50% off the suggested retail price of the print versions. Click here to learn more.    

 GnomeFAVORITE
My Virtual Model

http://www.myvirtualmodel.com/

{Make a model of you} Wouldn't it be cool if you could physically
walk into cyberspace? Well, you can't... so stop thinking about
it. However, you can design a virtual model of yourself on this
site. Choose your features like body shape, eyes, nose, lips,
facial hair, height, and weight. The amazing thing is how closely
your model resembles you. My only complaint is that you can't add
glasses. How in the heck is my digital doppelganger supposed to
see? Once you're finished, the site can even offer style advice
for your body type. (I'll stick with plaid, thank you very much.)





Recommend It!
 GnomeTIP

Our Tip eBooks
Microsoft Office Tips
PC Productivity Tips
Cool Internet Tips
Windows 2000 Tips
Windows XP Tips
Top 50 Fun Sites
Must-Know Terms
Top 50 Useful Sites
Top 75 Tech Sites

Who has no trouble with controling his codes? Lockergnomie Wayne
Smith: "Here is a bit of information specifically for Hotmail
users who may have trouble opening your links, due to the service
wanting to place the referred URL in a separate frame. I receive
my Lockergnome newsletters via Hotmail and find it really useful
when you folks include the link as text. However, sometimes this
isn't practical - or it stops the flow of the article. The trouble
here is that the link sometimes returns the message: 'There was an
error displaying this link' in the frame. No problem! Right-click,
copy shortcut, paste to metapad (freeware from LIQUIDNINJA.COM),
then do a global search and replace. The trick is to replace the
control codes with the correct characters: %26 is an ampersand;
%3a is a colon; %2e is a period; %20 is a blank space; %2f is a
forward slash; %3d is an equals symbol; %3f is a question mark.
The Windows character map can help with any others. Select a
character, look at the status bar, replace 'U+[code]' with the
percent sign. In other words, the ampersand (U+0026) is %26 which
translastes into a '&' symbol. Maybe a more clever Gnomie can come
up with some script which we can place in the 'Web' folder,
correctly register, and use in IE's right-click / context menu?"



Recommend It!



http://www.lockergnome.com/issues/daily/20020712.html
Your subscribed e-mail address is: [qqqqqqqqqq-lg@example.com] - To unsubscribe or change your delivery address, please visit the subscription management page. For further information, please refer to the GnomeCREDITS in the sidebar.





LOOK OVER HERE

 Download Our Tip Files

 Latest Windows Daily
 Latest Digital Media
 Latest Tech Specialist
 Latest Penguin Shell
 Latest Apple Core
 Latest Web Weekly
 Latest Bits & Bytes
 Latest Audio Show

 Low Price Search
 $99 Tech Conference





 The GnomeSTORE
 Tell a Friend About Us!
 Suggest a Feature
 Advertise With Us
 High-Tech Job Search
 Chat With Gnomies
 Watch The Webcams
 Computer Power User

 Read Past Issues
 Download X-Setup
 About Lockergnome
 Our Privacy Policy
 View More Options
 Our XML / RSS Feed
 Syndicate Our Tips
 Link To Lockergnome
 Get Chris's Book

 General Feedback
 E-mail the Editor
 The Editor's Blog
 MP3 SOFTWARE
Havas MP3 Pro
Magix MP3 Maker
Ejay MP3
Audiostation 5.0
Jack The MP3 Ripper
Pearson MP3 Maker
Steinberg My MP3
MusicMatch Jukebox 7.0
Hip Hop E-jay Record
MP3-Wolf
MP3 Maker Gold
The MP3 Wizard
 GNOMESPECIALS
 Manage Your Workgroup
 Form Pilot
 Say the Time 5.0
 Boomer - Stream Now
 Create Web/CD catalog
 Easy Web Editor
 Kleptomania
 Tag&Rename
 Pretty Good Solitaire
 Visualize Color Combos
 FirstStop WebSearch
 Ecobuilder
 Book Collector
Get Listed Here
Question: which group is 250,000+ strong and always looking for stuff to make their personal and professional lives run smoother? 


 HAPPY FUN STUFF
And now, we see the story of the ugly shoe unfold before our very eyes. This footwear was outcast from the group weeks ago, and has been very depressed ever since. Pity my shoe.

The Lone Shoe
 


CLICK HERE TO ZOOM

 
BYTE ME NOW

©2002, Lockergnome LLC. ISSN: 1095-3965. All Rights Reserved. Please read our Terms of Service. Our Web site is hosted by DigitalDaze. Domain registered at DNS Central.




I'd feel better about doctors if it wasn't called a 'Practice.'




