Re: Battery monitor tools?Am Dienstag, den 20.04.2010, 12:33 +0200 schrieb Jonas Andradas:
Hi Jonas et al, 
> 
> In my humble opinion, this statement holds true if you keep the
> "original" Windows that came with your laptop.  

...i'm not using my originally Windows Software which was preinstalled on
my laptop. I bought it seperately but it's also Software originally
belonging to a laptop but a different model than my own. 

Maybe this might play a role, but i'm far away from being an expert in
this items.

One can read on some Linux websites which deal with this energy saving
problem, that it makes no sense anyway to change, for example, your cpu
state in order to save battery power, i.e. that it is useless to choose
the mode "powersave" or "conservative"  for saving power. On the other
side. it is likewise useless to choose the mode "performance" to tune
your cpu efficiency.

For me this makes sense. Modern cpu's are flexible enough to quickly
change between "low" and "performance" if needed. Modern notebook hdd's
are likewise already optimized for energy saving modes. 

But something must be different between windows and linux. Using my
windows there is indeed a different if i would set the power management
to "performance" or to "powersave". This makes nearly an hour or a half
difference in battery lifetime of my multiboot laptop! Of course this
drepends on what you do, but the difference is obvious.

Using my Debian i seldom reach a larger time span as if using windows in
"performance" mode, in spite of it is so "quiet" when working with it or
when idle, and windows always is so "restless" as if always something
happens on the disk, some processes are running etc.

Maybe this after all has something to do with the different kernels? 

Greetings Dirk 





-- 
To UNSUBSCRIBE, email to debian-laptop-REQUEST@lists.debian.org
with a subject of "unsubscribe". Trouble? Contact listmaster@lists.debian.org
Archive: http://lists.debian.org/1271769864.30038.54.camel@linux-d59.Netz


